Chart: Update MultiplePanes demo description (#30646)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Charts/MultiplePanes/description.md

> The DevExtreme Chart component allows you to display data in multiple panes. To configure a multi-pane chart, specify the [panes[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/) array. The component stacks panes vertically (or horizontally when [rotated](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#rotated) is `true`).

Reviewer: Looks like the second sentence breaks the text flow. Let's reorganize a bit:

The DevExtreme Chart component allows you to display data in multiple panes. The component stacks panes vertically (or horizontally when Chart axes are [rotated](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#rotated)). To create a multi-pane chart, add the [panes[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/) array.

Author: I would like to clarify the "add the panes[] array" bit. Perhaps we can say "add items to the panes[] array" for more clarity?

Reviewer: Sure!

<!--split-->

> Chart assigns unique [value axes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/) and a shared [argument axis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/) to all panes. To configure the value axis of a specific pane, define **valueAxis** properties and assign the **pane**.[name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/#name) value to **valueAxis**.[pane](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#pane).

Reviewer: The Chart renders multiple [value axes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/) and a shared [argument axis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/). 

Where should I define value axis properties? In a pane? Please clarify. After that, we will be able to simplify this sentence.

To configure the value axis of a specific pane, define **valueAxis** properties  and assign the **pane**.[name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/#name) value to **valueAxis**.[pane](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#pane).

Author: We can change this paragraph to something like this:

```suggestion
The Chart renders multiple [value axes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/) and a shared [argument axis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/). To configure value axes, specify **valueAxis[]** objects. To bind a value axis to a pane, assign the pane's [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/#name) value to the **valueAxis**.[pane](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#pane) property.
```

Reviewer: I see. How about:

```suggestion
The Chart renders multiple [value axes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/) and a shared [argument axis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/). To create multiple value axes, add a **valueAxis[]** object for each value axis. To assign a value axis to a pane, pass the pane [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/#name) to the **valueAxis**.[pane](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#pane) property.
```
